hey you guys and welcome to Julia vlog
so today I'm talking about this new
product that I had I'm not giving a
review because I just got the product
but I do want to tell you guys some
awesome information about this product
like you guys are gonna love it now if
you can check any of these things off in
a box then you want to watch this video
number one you have add me number two
you hate those expensive dermatology
visits number three you're just lazy
like me you may not want to leave the
house okay so if you check any of those
things off stay tuned you want to watch
this video
[Music]
shoes I never knew but you should never
had a name distance drives my heart see
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so today I'm talking about theology
so is this cool website called cure
ology I will put the link at the bottom
of this video so you guys can just click
the link so I go to this website is
called cure ology and I get to consult
with a dermatologist now you know I was
happy about that
because here's the T here's the T it was
free now I have a history with acne and
I know those dermatology visits can be
very very expensive you guys really
expensive my first visit probably
started off 200 then after that it was
$50 for every visit ethnic so my first
visit was the most expensive visit and
then I had to pay $50 every time I visit
and in addition as paying for your
medication now I got lucky my
dermatology used to give me samples and
let me use Souls because I didn't have
any insurance at the time so I got lucky
now if you don't get lucky you might get
one of those dermatologist that's gonna
write you a prescription and you have to
pay for that prescription with your own
money you guys I'm telling you this is
really an awesome deal you get to try
this for free you don't have to pay for
those costly dermatologist visits as
well as you don't have to pay for a
prescription this is the packaging
it's nice make your knowledge Sheila
okay so I go secure ology I get to talk
with a dermatologist pretty much you
want to do the same thing as if you was
gonna see a dermatologist in the doctor
office however this is just virtual I
mean you get to talk to the
dermatologist over the computer without
leaving your house and without those
costly visits so you talk to the
dermatologist through your computer you
tell them all everything about your skin
you send pictures they want to clear
pitches um ladies no makeup you can't
have anything on your skin they want the
lightening to be good they want to see
you know the skin so they're going to
evaluate your skin through pictures so
that's really important to have clear
pictures and that they could see all the
product many areas after that you text
them and you know follow up the shipping
was really fast everything came in about
three probably four days it came about
four days and it's included
dermatologist evaluating my skin and the
product being shipped to me so it was
really fast shipping all right so let me
tell you what I like about this product
so far I like that everything is in one
cream so I can see that it's actually
three ingredients and each of these
ingredients have to be prescribed by a
dermatologist or a doctor you cannot get
these ingredients over the counter I
like that because usually when I see a
dermatologist I might be prescribed one
or two creams and even some pills
so yes
and then that's a little inconvenience
because you know some of us have busy
lives and that's gonna save you rushing
to work you gotta race one cream on your
face and then you gotta let that sit in
for about 15 minutes
and you got a place another cream when
your face and let that sit for another
15 minutes and then you gonna start your
makeup
I mean I'm complaining but who had time
for Lex
not me or you might have to do a
regiment where you put one cream in the
morning when I cry at night and you know
they get confusing but I can make that
time and put that cream on coz I hid
those pimples and you know another thing
I like about this company now that this
product doesn't work for you you can
talk to your dermatologist and they will
prescribe you something else they may
prescribe you something with different
ingredients or they may get you higher
dose and you can get to try something
else without losing a bunch of money so
that's the good thing about this now let
me just talk about what I was prescribed
and my cure ology topical cream so I had
1% of clinic mices for fifth set of
niacinamide
and 4% of as a as as a lay Essex
ethylene acid I want to put the
description just to make sure I'm saying
it right let me just tell you about what
I'm doing with a little bit I want this
video to be too long
I got rid of my cystic acne using my
mess but I still get these tiny tiny
little breakouts I don't know if it's
from the makeup I don't know if it's
from me not sure came in the footer I
don't know what's going on inside of me
I don't know if it's from you know my
hair product the hair but if you guys
can see I still get any tiny breakout
see that okay so I told you guys all the
problems about this product now I will
keep you guys updated I just got it
today I don't know if you've heard or
not but I did read a lot of success
stories on the website they have some
success stories and they have a little
acne community on a website that where
they talk about how working how long if
you guys anxious to know you can go on
the website and read other people's
success stories about it right now I
don't know if it works I just got it
today I will keep you guys updated
bi-weekly I don't think I'm going to
[Music]
update weekly because I mean it takes
time to take song and I mean I I know I
I have a long history with acne I know
usually you take a month for you to see
improvement but I'm gonna do a review
every couple of weeks unless you guys
know how it has been working for me the
only time I see so far and said they
usually take a month to actually see
results however I don't know
see I'm not too sure if this doesn't
work for me do I get to try something
else without paying for the cost of it
like I said earlier the cost is $30 a
month for the cream and I'm not sure if
this cream doesn't work for me do I have
to get a new cream and what I have to
pay the 30 bucks plus shipping and
handling for you know the second one
that may not work either but I mean acne
is stubborn and you know it act me you
have to take chances with it but longer
sometimes I can change this with two or
three hundred dollars and $150 doctor's
visits then I'm cool
so stay updated I'm gonna keep you guys
updated about this product I will
definitely let you know if I change my
prescription subscribe to the channel if
you want to know when I post a video
there's a bell somewhere around here at
the bottom I'm sure it was over here
earlier but if you turn that Bell on for
me you would be notified every time I
post a video and you don't know when I
post it
review or if I change their medications
you'll be updated on all it cuz that's
the good that's the good that's the team
right there
I know y'all was thirsty so I had they
bring us some tea today
alright so subscribe to my channel and
my little boy you a little bit more you
subscribers that kisses feeling now if
you're known and you wanna kiss oh
that's just fine and then the next time
I post the video you get a kiss too
so bye